Updated what is Tizen (#1653)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/platform/what-is-tizen/versions/tizen-6-0-m2.md

![img](media/6.0_1_web.png)

## Lightweight web solution

> Escargot is the Tizen JavaScript engine for the product having hardware resource restriction. It uses about 14% in binary size and 35% in memory usage for the benchmark application compared to those of Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine. Escargot supports ES6 full specification and also supports ES10 up to a large extent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Escargot is the Tizen JavaScript engine for products having hardware resource restrictions. It uses about 14% in binary size and 35% in memory usage for the benchmark application compared to those of Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine. Escargot supports ES6 full specification and also supports ES10 up to a large extent:
```
